target,translation_es
menu_faq,preguntas frequentes
menu_help,ayuda
menu_resources,recursos
menu_activities,actividades
menu_login,registrarse
sidebar,sobre los enlaces
footer_terms,el contrato
footer_contact,contactarnos
footer_policy,terminos de privacidad
footer_store,tienda en linea
body_title,about letter links_es
body_subtitle,What are letter links?_es
body_image,image_es.jpg
body_paragraph1,ES_The Letter Links name learning system pairs a child’s printed nametag with a letter-linked picture for a word that starts with the same letter and sound. For example, Debbie’s letter link includes her nametag plus a picture of a duck or a deer, and Teodoro’s might include his nametag plus a picture of a tepee or a turtle.
body_paragraph2,ES_The Letter Links system enables you to introduce your students to letter names and sounds by building on children’s natural attachment to their own names. As children use letter links to identify themselves and their classmates, they begin to develop an understanding of the alphabetic principle — the understanding that alphabet letters and the sounds of speech are connected. Children also build phonological awareness — the ability to attend to the sounds of language as distinct from its meaning.
body_paragraph3,ES_Letter links can be used by children and teachers in many ways: to label children’s artwork and belongings in the classroom; to identify children in classroom signs, lists, and messages; and to create fun and engaging classroom literacy activities.
body_paragraph4,ES_Letter Links Online provides images for both English and Spanish words, so teachers with Spanish-speaking children in their classrooms have a wide range of choices. For example, if Teodoro is an English language learner who speaks Spanish at home, the teacher might choose a letter-linked picture for a Spanish word such as toro (bull) or tambor (drum).
body_paragraph5,ES_For more information and ideas for using the Letter Links name learning system in the classroom, as well as background information on the research and literacy learning principles behind the letter links system, please consult Letter Links: Alphabet Learning With Children’s Names, by Dr. Andrea DeBruin-Parecki and Mary Hohmann, or the Spanish version, Enlaces de letras: Aprendizaje del alfabeto con los nombres de los niños. For more on how Letter Links supports infants’ and toddlers’ communication, language, and literacy growth, please see Infant-Toddler Letter Links: Children’s Names as Meaningful Environmental Print by Christine Snyder. For more information on the content of these books and how to order them, click on Resources in the menu bar above.
copyright,ES_HighScope Educational Research Foundation. Copyright© 2009 All rights Reserved. The name “HighScope” and its corporate logos are registered trademarks and service marks of the HighScope Foundation.